Virginia:  Previously on
masters of sex...
You made it very
clear that you don't
approve of my behavior.
The fact I have sex
with virginia
With no plans to stop.
What happened?
My mother will go back
to ohio for good.
Jane:  And lester's job
as a production assistant
Is for a real studio,
which means he's gonna be
a director soon
And he wants me to be
the leading lady.
I have been putting up
with al because of you.
And I don't want to see
them ever again.
Betty doesn't
like helen.
I mean, those two,
they're so close.
The way they kiss
each other right
on the lips
And now they hate
each other?
I don't...
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
What are you
talking about?
It's just you and me,
hand-in-hand,
despite everything.
Everything... Oh,
and it has been everything.
Every lie imaginable, betty.
What's going to happen
to me?
The radiation
may slow the cancer,
But it's unlikely
to stop it.
Virginia: (crying)
and she's my friend.
She knows me.
I know you.
I'm sorry.
I must have, uh...
You're looking
for virginia?
Who are you?
Her... Her beau.
Can I help you?
I'm sorry.
I must have the
wrong address.
Masters and johnson
clinic?
Oh, no.
I'm, I'm not a patient.
Uh, I'm just, it's my first
day back at my old job.
Just getting here early
to get a jump on things.
The neighborhood's down
on its luck.
Hard to keep
good tenants.
Communist headquarters?
Used to be a haberdashery,
Then a dentist office...
Better red than dead.
That was a joke.
(elevator dings)
Whole space up here
belongs to
Masters and johnson now.
Used to be eddie's
place before
Dr. Masters
fancied it all up.
You have a happy
first day now.
Thank you.
Some men come home to fame
and fortune,
Some to measure ejaculate.
Can you, uh, back up
onto your mark?
My mark?
Lester: Uh, the feet.
Your feet go on
the feet.
The feet are
your mark.
It's as if you
never left.
I was thinking
the same thing.
I meant to tell you,
I received a postcard
from jane last week.
Really? Didn't know
they had postcards
in bitch town.
I'm good to go
when you are.
All right.
I will tell dr. Masters
we're ready.
October 15, 1958.
Subject 38-328...
Ejaculate trajectory.
(sighs)
(camera whirs)
(sighs) we're running
out of space.
We need another
At least dozen
bulletin boards,
Considering
we're at the halfway point.
You'll order them?
I would say
we're more than halfway.
I disagree.
I won't publish
until we have
At least 100 observations
of each individual
phenomena,
10,000 observed sex acts
in total
To ensure that the data
is ironclad, unimpeachable,
Which means
we're now at the
halfway point at best.
Well, I'd say
even halfway
Is ambitious
at this point.
I was doing the books
last night...
And the sky is falling.
It's safe to say that
we are not in the
best shape financially.
Money will sort
itself out.
How? By magic?
23 of your fertility cases
followed us here
Out of the hundreds
that you had at maternity.
Oh, uh,
am I interrupting?
What you are
is a half-hour late.
Hardly an
auspicious beginning.
Does auspicious mean
hello to you, too?
Betty, uh,
what are you...
(scoffs)
I'm the new girl.
Girl?
Yes. Miss dimello...
Mrs. Moretti.
Miss dimello.
Dr. Masters:
Has joined our staff
To help with light
paperwork and
answering phones.
You hired betty
without telling me,
Without consulting me?
I didn't consult you
about the move here
or the terms of our lease.
Which was a mistake,
I think we can both agree.
Betty can also help
with the books.
I do the books.
Yes, but it's not your
area of expertise, is it?
Betty did the finances
at the brothel.
Betty: Mmm, I ran
the books there,
And we had steak
three nights a week
and heat in the winter.
You said we were
short-handed.
Here's your extra
set of hands.
Please see to it
that betty gets settled
And has everything
she needs.
Man: (over tv)
violence against negroes
in little rock, arkansas,
Is once again on the rise
As white citizens
are blaming the
negro community
For the closing of
four public high schools
in little rock.
Tensions increased
for months
After controversial arkansan
orval faubus...
Change your thoughts,
and you change
your world.
Easier said than done,
apparently.
Elliot: We haven't had
the pleasure
Of your and mrs. Holden's
company for a while.
It's nice to see you back.
Well, there's reasons
for our...
...Absence.
Mrs. Holden is...
Uh...
(chuckles)
Well, mrs. Holden
decided that,
Uh, the life
we created together
Was no longer enough.
So she has left
In search
of greener pastures.
I'm, I'm so sorry,
dr. Holden.
You always seemed like
the nicest couple.
Well, things aren't
always what they seem,
Elliot, are they?
No. No, sir.
Heavens, I just...No.
Someone who works
right here
at this hotel...
He will remain
nameless...
But his wife
just ran off
with a spaniard.
(clicks tongue)
You just don't
see it coming.
That's the worst part.
You take a vow.
You take a wife.
And with that wife,
You enter into
A covenant
Where you can...
You can stand exposed,
And you can show things
you've never shown anyone,
Because your wife...
She knows you.
She sees you,
And, uh,
she's not repulsed.
She doesn't recoil.
She doesn't leave.
And the betrayal
Of that kind of wife
who just comes in
And opens you up,
and then...
Nah, just, just leaves.
That is a wife
who cannot...
Cannot be forgiven.
For every storm,
a peaceful harbor.
For every tear,
the buds of may.
For every care,
a perfect future.
My wish for you
on this special day.
(gasps)
Oh, daddy's here.
Just us three
for johnny's birthday.
(swing music plays)
You've landed yourself
a handsome beau.
Looks like me a little.
Is it serious
with this guy?
He hasn't asked me
to go steady
If that's what you mean.
And, uh,
How's our bill
taking this?
Bill?
He has nothing to do
with my personal life.
I see.
Playing that game.
Bill is married, austin.
We work together.
That's all.
I'll take your
overreaction to mean
You've ended things
with bill.
Good move.
Austin.
Out with the old,
in with the new.
Looks like we both
have a second chance
at happiness.
Me with the beautiful,
vivacious holly,
And you with sidney.
Shelley.
(softly) shelley.
Careful with her
mitts, shel.
(chuckles)
If she were a surgeon,
You would fuss
over her hands less.
Hand models
have it 10 times
harder than surgeons.
One nick, scratch,
chipped nail,
There goes a career.
It's true.
I had a friend.
She burned her thumb
making pancakes,
and that was it.
She's a substitute
teacher now.
Show them how
it's done, honey.
Oh.
You're gonna love this.
Shelley: Nice.
Wow.
And you would think
doing such exacting work
That she would earn
a solid wage, but...
No. Peanuts.
So we were thinking,
Me and austin,
about going
In an entirely
new direction.
Lingerie modeling.
Virginia: Hmm.
I can't picture you
in lingerie, austin.
(laughter)
Austin says the less
I wear, the better.
So I thought,
why not get paid for
my god-given gifts?
It's funny.
Lingerie happens to be
Something I know
a lot about.
Yes, shelley
is a girdle salesman.
Actually, there's a modeling
agency in our new building.
I'm not sure
what type of modeling
they specialize in,
But...
But why not find out?
Yeah.
Austin loves
my hands, loves...
But why limit myself?
Why think closed
when the world is open?
Why think small
when the world
is so big?
So big.
(both chuckle)
Libby: I want to
plant a garden in the
side yard.
I love gardens.
You plant beans,
you get beans.
Carrots become carrots.
Set out to make
something grow,
and it does.
You wanted a clinic
of your own.
Deep down,
you probably always did.
And now you have it.
I envy you.
You've reached your goal,
I guess you could say.
My goal is to
have a family.
Well, that's why
we have the boy.
Family meaning
more than one.
You know
what that entails, lib.
We can't just
flip a switch.
It's, uh...
It's fertility treatments,
more fertility treatments,
Disappointment,
Maybe heartbreak.
Please.
This is what I need.
(indistinct conversations)
It's like we're fated
or something.
Always showing up
at the exact same place
At the exact same time.
You're not gonna
regret this, hiring me.
Although, it's funny.
This morning,
I was putting on my
last pair of stockings,
Hole in each big toe,
and I thought to myself...
Why did the doc
give me this job,
Considering we've both
been at each other
like two cats in a bag?
Well, you've, uh,
you've helped me
out before...
Twice, in fact.
When things were
as dire for me as
they are for you now.
So you could say
I'm a man who believes
in repaying the debt.
(elevator dings)
Simon: What makes
this tricky is
you seem to have
No credit history
at all.
So, because I'm,
uh, not up to my
neck in debt,
That makes me
a credit risk?
Up until recently,
you were drawing
regular paychecks
From several major
st. Louis hospitals,
but now...
Now I'm an entrepreneur.
As you can see,
I've opened this practice,
Overseen its refurbishing.
That takes capital,
mr. Durang.
Are you not in the business
of providing loans
To new businesses?
(chuckles)
It's funny with doctors.
I missed the joke.
They are notoriously
bad businessmen.
In fact, we have
a saying at walcohl bank
That if doctors were
in charge of wall street,
It would still be
a saltwater swamp.
So you're rejecting
my application?
No, no.
I can get
this loan approved,
But we are gonna use
your assets.
All your assets,
As collateral.
I'm talking
your house, your cars,
any savings accounts,
Investments so that
if you do go the way
of most doctors...
(clicks tongue)
We know we'll get
our money back
one way or the other.
Dr. Masters:
What's he waiting for,
a checkered flag?
I told mr. Boychuck
he could take his time.
The 98th observation
Of male respiration
Monitored through
the four stages.
Oh, stage one.
Finally.
Beginning at...
Ah!
(sighs)
$10 we paid mr. Boychuck.
$10 now out the window,
because no data
can be gleaned
From a subject
who orgasms in under
five seconds.
We can no longer make
these kinds of mistakes.
I think that we should
expand the questionnaire.
Might help to
weed out the people
that aren't suitable.
Well, I suggest
you do that soon.
I will start on it
first thing in the morning.
I'm going to
head out now.
I drove by the park plaza
the other night.
It was all I could do
to keep from going in,
having a drink.
Ever have that impulse?
I'm not much
of a history buff.
Bill, please.
I suppose that
you could punish me
forever, but I...
I'm not punishing you.
Yes, you are,
But it's unreasonable.
You go home to someone
every night.
Why can't I
go home to...
Fill in the blank?
You know I'm sorry, bill.
I've said it many times,
even though you
refuse to listen.
But I will
say it again.
I regret that night
that you went by
my house.
I know seeing shelley
there was a shock.
If you're gonna
stand here and press
the matter, virginia...
The real shock
that night was
your child.
The night I stood
on your doorstep,
I wasn't looking
at shelley.
I was looking at
your daughter.
Wrapped around
this stranger's leg...
One of how many strangers
that have met your children
In their way
in and out of your bed.
And I thought,
I cannot be
a part of this.
I know something
of what children
carry through
From their childhoods,
how they need
a good mother,
A present mother.
And I know better
than to be yet
another man
Who parades through
their lives while the mother
they do have
Tries to keep clean
sheets on the bed.
(scoffs)
You cannot keep
this up, bill.
You can't.
There's nothing
to keep up, virginia.
We're work colleagues,
nothing else.
Yvette: (sighs)
nothing's happening.
How long do you
want me to try?
(zipper closes)
(cash crinkles)
It's like it's our own
little city down here.
Um, our offices are
on the second floor.
I'm embarrassed
it's taken me
long to visit.
It's, um...
(clears throat)
It's really very...
There was a man
urinating on the
wall outside.
Ah, the neighborhood's
in transition,
as they say.
Recession's not
helping much, either,
but that just means
There's one direction
to go, and that's up.
Uh, there's
stalin's gift shop.
Uh, about as popular
as the plague these days.
And that's our resident
modeling agency.
And by modeling agency,
I mean "joint that books
burlesque girls."
Ah.
Uh, and finally...
No more chinese takeout.
Hallelujah for
a cheeseburger at
a good old greasy spoon.
Two kids now?
Yes.
Uh, I asked bill how
the plans for the
new lab are coming.
Still plans.
But to be
perfectly honest,
I've been telling
your husband
for the last year
He should rent
this space.
It'd be better
for our end of year report.
Didn't realize
you knew about
real estate, betty.
I just finished
my real estate tax class.
Uh, I'm halfway
to my accounting degree.
Oh.
I figure a woman
that's stupid about money
is a stupid woman.
I learned that
the hard way.
Hey, come here.
Yeah, come here.
You're mommy's got
to go in there.
I know.
Got her?
Yeah, got her.
All right,
let me take that, too.
Just in case.
(sighs)
you're a lifesaver.
Got it.
I know.
Yeah, now you're
with uncle betty.
September 2, 1959.
Background interview,
virginia johnson part one.
Tell me about
the questionnaire.
You see, a fair number
of study applicants
Suffer from
sexual dysfunctions.
Uh, dysfunctions that
make it difficult for
them to progress
Through the four stages
of sexual response.
And since our data does
depend on normally
functioning participants,
This questionnaire,
it helps to catch
a dysfunction
Before it lands
on our exam table.
Lester:
The questionnaire's become
Sort of a weeding out
process.
Yes. Exactly right.
Uh, lester, I'm sorry.
Why are, why are you
filming this?
My inspiration
at the moment is
"windjammer."
It's a documentary.
The true story of
a 17,000 nautical mile
journey
Of a norwegian
sailing ship,
the christian radich,
Directed by
louis de rosemont iii
And shot in a widescreen
cine-miracle process
With a seven track
stereophonic soundtrack.
(chuckles) but that's
not the reason it
changed my life.
Oh, it changed your life.
The story of windjammer,
is the story of real life.
Danger, tragedy,
triumph, risk.
And it's what we're,
you're doing here, too.
Your study
is real life.
Dr. Masters:  Libby.
I came to
share with you
The interesting
conversation I had with
simon this morning.
Simon?
The man
from the bank.
Found him poking around
in our bushes.
Turns out,
he was reassessing
the property.
I didn't realize
it had been assessed
In the first place.
When did you
take out a loan?
A year ago.
And you haven't
paid it back?
How very uncharacteristic
of you.
It's all perfectly
routine when you
start your,
Your own business.
Takes money
to make money,
and, uh...
We're not selling
the house.
I know we're not.
That would only happen
in a worst-case scenario.
The man was
in our bushes...
We will not
have to sell the house.
How do,
how do I know that?
That if sacrifices
have to be made,
They'll be made here
at work?
Why would I uproot you
and the children
To subsidize our work?
My work?
Why would I do my best
to make you happy,
Then turn around
and undo it all?
(soft music plays)
(telephone ringing)
Hello?
Oh, I'm so glad
you got my message.
(elevator dings)
Libby told me
you worked here now.
You spoke to libby?
I've been
speaking to libby
For over
a year now, son.
In fact,
I see her regularly
And my grandchildren.
I had intended to
stay away forever, billy.
I knew that's
what you wanted,
given how we parted.
But then I...
I just couldn't
stay away...
Cut off from
all I hold dear.
So when libby called,
I suggested that we meet,
And I was prepared
to tell her everything.
But then one look
at that sweet face,
And I couldn't.
I couldn't hurt her
like that.
And I couldn't
hurt you.
So whatever secrets
you may have,
they're safe.
They've been safe
for a long time.
I don't judge you.
I don't want to.
What you do,
what you don't do,
It's not my place
to judge my own son.
My place is
to love you.
Just that.
And I do.
And so I...
I'm asking for
another chance.
If you say no,
if you tell me to
go away again,
I will.
But I'm hoping
you don't.
Is that what
you've come to say?
There is one
other thing.
One thing
I want to do,
To help.
We are taking
that money.
You know,
what I'm trying
to understand
Is that for over a year,
You have been meeting
with my mother once a week
In terre haute,
indiana.
It's the midway point.
After I told you
We were done with her.
You
Were done with her.
I need her.
She is good to me.
I don't have a mother,
And I am not gonna
deprive our children
of their grandmother.
The answer is no.
You're not gonna take
my mother's money.
It is your money.
Our money.
With your father's
estate settled,
it's just sitting there.
Essie wants us
to have it.
There is nothing left
to discuss.
You deceived me,
you went behind my back.
Not for the first time.
I am not the
enemy here, bill,
nor is essie.
She is offering
to help us.
My mother, my mother
cannot be counted on.
She is not
to be trusted.
Trusted to do what?
To be good to us?
To help us keep a roof
over our heads?
I provide the roof!
I have always
provided the roof!
Trying to explain
my mother or
any of this to you,
It's like trying to teach
a horse to count!
All these years,
it's right in
front of you,
Yet you refuse to see it!
You refuse to understand!
That you're in pain?
That you are nursing
some grievous wound
from years ago?
Who isn't, bill?
Point to one person
in this entire world
Who isn't suffering!
Yet it is only you
that insists on spreading
the torment around.
Only you that
makes all of us
Suffer along with you.
The matter's closed.
You will not touch
that money.
And I suggest
you get dressed.
We're already late.
All:  ♪ for he's
a jolly good fellow
♪ for he's
♪ which nobody can deny
(all cheering)
I just wanted
to say thank you,
Everyone,
for coming out tonight.
I've never seen
a girl pop out of
a cake before.
I thought you said
she was a hand model.
Apparently, holly
has moved on
to burlesque.
Austin: And we really hope
you stay all night,
drink all night.
Thank you,
thank you for coming!
Thank you.
(upbeat music playing)
♪ sparks just fly
right out of the blue
♪ there's no way
I can deny
♪ the magic of you
♪ our eyes meet
♪ and that is your cue
♪ suddenly my
heart's complete
♪ with the magic of you
Glass appears
to be empty.
There's a remedy
for that.
Would you like another,
as well?
♪ sleight of hand
♪ yes, that could be true
♪ there's no way I can deny
♪ the magic of you
Kenny: Dr. Masters.
I insisted
she introduce me.
Kenny hitchens.
Gini speaks
so highly of you,
All the work
you two are doing.
Does she?
Anyway, now that
you've said your hellos...
No, no.
Well, it is,
It is important work
we're engaged in.
Has virginia
explained to you
That we monitor subjects
while they have sex?
Usually in an exam room,
occasionally
In a hotel.
I didn't know
the specifics.
Well, it sounds
fascinating.
Well, we would be
very happy to
have you join us
If you are interested,
as a subject.
You wouldn't have
to participate on
your own, of course.
I'd pair you
with virginia.
(chuckles)
dr. Masters
has been drinking.
And gini's
strictly a behind the...
I mean, you don't
do the actual...
No.
Dr. Masters:
Oh, she does do
quite well, in fact.
We could, uh, start
By monitoring different
sexual positions,
Begin with the old
standby missionary pose.
Unless there's another
you two prefer.
In fact, he's drunk,
embarrassingly so.
Well, do consider it.
(sighs)
I see you've found
the last place of refuge.
Oh, I quit smoking during
my fertility treatments.
Oh...
But you go ahead.
It may be the only fun
of the night.
Bill certainly has had
a lot to drink tonight.
I think bill
may have lost his mind.
Yes. I do, too.
(both chuckle)
But we had
a terrible fight.
I'm sorry.
Why are you apologizing?
He's the one
that should apologize.
I think he fears
an apology would
weaken him.
I think he fears
so many things.
Intimacy with me,
physically.
Did you know
that we haven't had sex
in over a year?
I mean, I've asked,
I've asked him why,
of course.
He says it's the
new building
And the new clinic
and the new baby,
That he's just wiped out
by the end of the day.
And that's...
That's probably true.
Do you think it is?
I think bill is under
a lot of pressure.
I was in california once
as a child,
And I woke up to find
That I'd been thrown
from the bed
Like a rag doll,
Just flung
across the room.
When I asked my aunt,
she had to explain to me
That we live
on these giant plates
That push against
each other,
The pressure just
building and building until
One day they break away
from each other
With a violent jolt.
I can wait here
all night until
you apologize.
I want you
to look at this.
That is one world.
And this is the other.
I am sorry.
I'm sorry
for being weak.
that I lied.
I'm sorry for shelley
and kenny,
Ethan and george,
All the men
who came before,
that lie ahead.
But most of all, bill,
I'm sorry for my faithless
and fickle heart.
(chuckles)
(gasping softly)
Sandra: Can't take
your money.
You're getting nothing
out of this.
Do you...
Do you want me to stop?
Argh!
Typography, that's, uh...
That's books, right?
Uh, it's designing
the type within books.
Oh, um, that used
to be the reds.
Now it's, uh,
colored folks.
Uh, core stands
for, uh, uh...
Congress of racial equality.
Yeah, and they're
raring to go, too,
god bless them.
Anyhoo, uh,
we're a medical operation,
And the space
we'd lease to you
shares this lobby here,
A 24 karat location
with a lot of
foot traffic,
You being
a foot doctor
and all.
Feet are not a joke.
I know that.
They are a business.
(elevator dings)
Which is why
I'm telling you that
modeling agency there
Comes with a lot of girls
on their feet. (chuckles)
And, uh, on their back
if you believe the rumor
That they're into
skin flicks now.
I, uh, heard from
a friend of a friend
That the new thing
in burlesque is
actual nudity.
Did you hear that?
What I don't understand
is why no one else here
Has to deal
with your carping,
your threats,
Your never-ending
bean counting.
I aced my cpa exams,
So careful who you
call bean counter.
We leased you
prime space, flo,
and yet every month,
All you got is
another lame excuse.
Yeah, well,
times are tough,
in case you can't read.
(scoffs)
I'm not sure
I can scrape together
this month's rent.
You move more blubber
through this place
Than a japanese
whaling ship.
You will scrape, flo,
and you will scrape now.
The next time
you start singing
this song,
I'm slapping you
with a late fee.
October 11, 1960.
Background b roll
various subjects part 6.
She pays in cash
Hoping we'll get mugged
on the way to the bank.
Tell her this is
an actual business,
Not a flea market
in ancient rome.
Lester!
Not when we're talking
about money.
Lester:  Of course.
Although, money is part,
right.
Betty: He's an odd duck,
that one.
My point is,
tell flo
From now on,
she has to pay
with a check
Like everybody else.
Oh, speaking of,
I got a pile of checks
for you to sign.
Start on the top.
The first one's for the
new blood pressure cuff.
I thought we couldn't
afford a new
blood pressure cuff.
Oh, we can now.
Because?
Because our
fertility patient numbers
are finally up,
Plus I raised our fees.
So we're actually
looking at a 20 percent
increase in revenue
From last month,
which is not nothing
Thanks to me.
(elevator dings)
I'll get you
those numbers tomorrow.
Shelley?
Gini.
Wow, you look fantastic.
Thank you.
You look
so fit yourself.
Do you work here now?
I mean, are you still
with the study?
Yes, the study
is going very well,
And your,
your work.
How is...
Girdle salesman.
Of course.
It's a hard one
to forget.
Not too hard,
apparently.
And, uh, henry and tessa,
they're doing well?
Yes, very well.
Uh, henry is
a voracious reader,
And tess, she just
joined brownies.
And your kids,
how are...
Haven't been born yet.
I'm still single,
looking for a nice girl
to settle down with.
And once upon a time,
I hoped it'd be you.
But then I would've
had to have made
some kind of impression,
Wouldn't I have?
Hmm. Take care.
Shelley...
(elevator dings)
(knock on door)
Mrs. Wilder is waiting.
Uh, refractory
response times.
What is that?
I'm just cataloging
all my footage
That's from our time
at maternity.
From two years ago.
Yes?
Room 412.
Chancery park plaza.
I'll wait for
a few hours.
If you haven't shown up
by the shift change,
I will assume
you're not coming.
Aside from my children,
Everything I have
Is permanently,
inexorably
Tied to this work,
our work,
To you.
Sometimes in the past,
After a late night
at the hospital
or the hotel,
Sometimes I would
feel almost sick
At the unfairness of it,
That you would
go home to libby
While I went home
utterly alone.
Well, you've compensated
admirably enough.
No.
You see, I can't even
remember their names
more often than not.
But you,
on the other hand...
Well, it's hard
to tell where you stop
and I begin.
You have more of me
than you even realize,
and yet
You focus on other men
while you yourself
are married?
(exhales sharply)
Just because one
Goes home
to someone...
Doesn't mean
they're not alone.
Well, then,
we are fellow sufferers.
Are we?
Are we really?
Whatever this is
between us,
It can't be undone,
Not without
a violent wrenching
much worse
Than this undeclared war
we have between us now.
For me,
What we have
comes first,
And you can
count on that.
But you must
allow me something,
Someone to hold on to
while you hold on to libby.
Just show me
enough compassion
to allow me that.
(elevator dings)
my buddy hank
Thinks this is
such a kick,
Us filming
all this tonight.
Well, you're paying.
Well, everybody's
filming everything
These days, so...
Right.
We'll have a drink
while we set up.
Oh, that's okay.
I don't, uh, really...
Don't really what?
Have fun?
It's a bachelor party
for cripes' sake.
Truth is, lester,
we have a lot in common.
I can't think of
one thing.
Jane.
All I am saying is...
Don't make a shrine
out of one woman.
Just change religions.
(keys jingle)
(all laughing)
I'd like to
make a toast.
(whistles)
(men cheering)
All right,
a toast to hank.
(men cheering)
Our proverbial lamb
to slaughter.
Oh, okay!
Okay.
Goodbye to the days
of wanton sex,
A glance across
a crowded bar ending
in tangled sheets.
And hello to meatloaf,
jack paar,
And faces smeared
with so much cold cream,
It looks like they took
a pie in the face!
All:  Oh!
To hank!
Whoo!
(men cheering)
Congratulations,
buddy.
Thank you, buddy.
Should I take off
my clothes?
And you?
Tonight I need
to reacquaint myself...
...Reacquaint myself
with your body.
I will kiss you
on the mouth.
I will find your breasts
with my lips,
And I will make you climax
this way.
Then my hands will
slide down your body,
And I will spread
your legs.
I will touch
every part of you
And I will put
my mouth on you
And I will make you climax
that way, as well.
Is that clear?
Does this mean
we've resumed our work?
What do you think?
Well, if we have,
Betty told me today
That she thinks
the janitor is stealing
from petty cash.
She noticed $20 missing.
It was there this morning,
And by the end of the day,
it was gone.
And while I
appreciate the effort,
Park plaza isn't cheap.
And so,
If our participation
is to continue,
We're going to
have to find someplace
else cheaper...
Free, even.
Which is unfortunate,
because I will say,
It is nice to be back.
Austin: Showtime!
(men cheering)
Beer. Beer.
Here you go.
(men cheering)
(whistling)
Man: Naughty, naughty.
Nobody's looking.
Man 2: Oh!
Blow a kiss.
There you go.
You know,
I've been thinking...
"holy cow."
Looks a lot like
dr. Langham's girl holly.
But it can't be. Can it?
(men cheering)
Mmm, you smell good.
Is that
l'air du temps?
It's tommy the turtle
bubble bath.
Austin, it's,
it's late.
The kids have school
in the morning.
Oh, I know.
It's just, uh...
Um, please hear me out.
Can you at least do that?
I want us
to get back together.
I've tried
the bachelor life.
I've really
given it my best.
I don't doubt that.
But there's
something, um...
This is going to
sound strange.
But there is something,
Hollow
About it.
Empty, you know.
I feel...
Adrift?
Without an anchor?
Yeah. (chuckles)
Exactly.
See? This is why
we belong together,
because you...
You always just know.
(chuckles)
But it's... It's, uh,
it's more than that.
I love you.
I do, and...
God, I love our kids.
And I realize
That you're it for me.
You're the one.
And what happens
when we get back together
And because you were
then re-anchored,
You immediately go out
and screw everything
that walks again?
I would not do that.
No. I swear I
would be faithful.
Let's say that
were humanly possible.
It still
wouldn't work.
Well, uh,
of course it would work.
It couldn't.
Because some things
cannot be undone.
As much as you want
to un-ring the bell,
it's rung.
And when that happens,
All you can do
is listen.
I've moved on, austin.
I'm gone.
Ah, are you
and mrs. Holden
Enjoying your room,
sir?
Yes. Thank you, elliot.
You, uh,
Seem to have moved up
the ranks.
Night manager
is a position
That comes with
great responsibility,
But I do feel
up to the task.
And I must say,
I'm so glad
You and mrs. Holden
have patched things up.
Elliot, I have
a question.
The hotel has
an on call doctor
If there's any
medical emergencies?
Yes, sir.
That's part of my
new positioning
Is scheduling
the doctors.
Well, I was wondering
if, uh...
If I could fill
one of those on call
positions in return
For your waiving
the charge for
mrs. Holden's and my room.
That might be tricky,
dr. Holden.
Because?
The hotel...
The hotel has to be
up front about
who our guests
Are actually being
seen by,
If you know
what I mean.
I'm not sure how
comfortable they'd feel
If they knew
they were being seen
by a radiologist.
What sort of medical
background do you think
Would reassure
your guests?
More of a general
practitioner.
Uh, a surgeon,
Obstetrician.
My sister,
for example,
She had her
first baby delivered
by a dr. Masters.
If a doctor with
those kind of credentials
Approached me
with such a request,
I would have
a hard time saying no.
So dr. Masters
would be a good choice?
With a doctor
such as dr. Masters,
Something could be
worked out.
Virginia:  Betty?
I need these
test results back
first thing tomorrow.
Oh, before you go,
remember that oddball
That worked for the doc
back at memorial,
The one that was,
you know,
bringing up the rear
With dr. Greathouse?
Oh.
She'd like a moment
of your time.
I'm surprised to
see you here.
(chuckles) I know.
It's funny, isn't it?
What, what made you
Want to become
a participant
in our study?
I don't know.
You don't know?
Well, I...
I was very impressed
With your study when
I was back at memorial
Working for
dr. Masters.
I know that dr. Masters
hated me,
But I could tell
from his work that
He was a very
dedicated doctor.
I'm, I'm sure
that he didn't hate you.
Well...
He hated
dr. Greathouse,
And dr. Greathouse
at the time was my...
Oh, goodness.
That's a long story.
(chuckles)
Anyhow...
I suppose I thought
that I could
Learn something
from your study,
about the human body.
About your body?
Which doesn't work
very well down there.
You said that
you can't have
intercourse.
In fact,
Nothing can penetrate
the vaginal opening,
Because it's closed.
Um, barbara, I thought
That you and
dr. Greathouse,
There was a sexual...
We did everything.
Just...
Not the normal way,
because I couldn't.
As I was saying,
it's a long story.
I see.
Well, there are things
that we can discuss
About your condition,
But I'm afraid
in terms of your
Participating
in the study,
This type of
dysfunction...
Please don't.
Don't?
Don't feel bad
about rejecting me.
It's life.
Sometimes the
answer's just no.
In fact, it usually is.
(upbeat music playing)
Virginia: I realized
as she left,
There goes an entire
sexual history
That we will never
know about
Because she's
technically ineligible
for the study.
But that's true
of everybody we reject.
You're saying
we shouldn't
be rejecting.
I'm saying
I think people see
the doctor
In front of your name
and they hope that
you can help.
You two,
what's it gonna take
To get you to take
a day off?
So sorry, libby.
You are absolutely right.
There is lots of
work to be done
in the kitchen.
Bill's working, too.
(sighs)
Cake still isn't frosted.
Huh. Well,
that happens to be
my specialty.
Libby: So, the lefley's
offered us their lake house.
It's two hours away.
Oh, that could be fun.
I thought you quit.
I did.
No, I really did quit.
You know what'd be
really fun?
Hmm?
Paris.
I've always wanted to
go to paris
And morocco.
I am dying to go
Anywhere.
But the lake house
is a good start,
and you know what?
You should go with us.
(chuckling) lib!
No, that is
your vacation.
Yours and bill's
to have alone.
Well, the children
are coming, of course.
And you, you could
bring your kids.
Honestly, it would be...
It would be nicer
if you were there.
Easier and I
would like that.
(chuckles)
it's much more pleasant
to be around bill
When you're around.
We need a few more
with cheese.
I invited her.
I'll be inside.
It's a perfect
celebration.
It means a lot to libby
to have you here.
And this time,
when I asked you to
stay away, you did.
Believe me, I...
I looked closely.
I've learned
my lesson.
I wouldn't say that.
20 percent bump
in revenue?
Due to an increase in
Fertility patients
and fees?
What I'm not gonna look
too closely at,
Is how you and libby
and betty managed to
make that money,
Which I said I didn't want,
land in my pocket anyhow.
Because if I really
looked at that,
We'd be back at square one,
wouldn't we?
Ruptured again.
And the thought
of that just...
Frankly,
it just leaves me tired.
Sometimes exhaustion
Is the first step forward.
I had to help you, son.
I couldn't not.
Not again.
But there's another
reason that money
Didn't find
its way to you.
It's because
I'm proud of you.
Everything
you've accomplished,
all on your own,
In spite of everything.
I am so very proud
of my son.
(camera shutter clicks)